## Resources
## Vocab
- **Props** - values that can be passed into a react component when rendering it. Props, short for properties, gets its name from the fact that a React component is a function that should only accept one parameter; an object. To pass multiple values into a component, they must take the place of the properties of said object. It is important to note that props are immutable. The values provided cannot be changed themselves. Additionally, if you attempt to modify the value of a prop in a component, the value from the original source will not change. 
- **Immutable** - a parameter or variable whose value cannot be changed. This could either be due to, for example, a variable being a `const` which will cause JavaScript to throw an error if you attempt to change it, or due to some other behavior that effectively does not allow the change to be seen.
- **State** - an object within React's virtual DOM nodes for a given compoent that is used to store values that are expected to change at some point. When a value in state changes, the component that state exists in will be re-rendered by React, therefore displaying the new value.
- **Hook** - a hook is a function that allows us to access the state and/or lifecycle of a React component. For example, if we want to have a value change through interactions, we can use a hook to access a component's state. 
- **useState** - a hook function defined by React. It is what allows us to store data in, as well as modify data in, state. The `useState()` function accepts 1 argument: the initial value that should be stored in state. Then, the `useState()` function returns an array with two elements. The first element is a variable whose value is the value in state. The second element is a function that must be used in order to update state. These two elements are commonly called `state` and `setState`. In components with multiple values in state, you simply invoke the `useState()` hook multiple times. Then to get around multiple instances of the `state` and `setState` variables, you would call them `variableName` and `setVariableName`. In order to update the value in state with the `setState` function, you must pass in the new value of state as the argument of `setState`. State values, like props, are technically immutable. The difference is we have a function that, when it modifies the value in state, the component re-renders, and the `useState` function will return the NEW value of that state.
- **pure function** - a function with no side effects and predictably consistent output. A function with no side effects means that the internal logic of the function does not modify any variables declared outside of the scope of the function itself. 