## Vocab
- **API** - an API, or Application Programming Interface, is a program that can be accessed from within another program. 
- **Web API** - an API that is accessed over the internet by sending HTTP requests and receiving resources back in the HTTP responses. In short, a web API is a website that does not provide any HTML pages, but rather just raw data.
- **Express** - a back end JavaScript framework built on Node.js for building server-side, back end, web applications. Express can return rendered HTML files to the request origin, and thus be used as a traditional web application. However, we will be using Express to create Web API's.
- **Endpoints** - a URL on a web application that contains a resource (or multiple resources). Example: `https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon/pikachu` has a domain of `https://pokeapi.co`, and URL of `/api/v2/pokemon/pikachu`. The endpoint at that URL returns an HTTP response with an object as the body. That object is the *resource*. The endpoint is the function that processes the request and returns the resource. 
- **Routes** - we commonly refer to API endpoints as Routes when developing express applications. The terms are more or less interchangeable. 
- **Middleware** - functions that an HTTP request is passed through before making its way to the final endpoint. Middleware functions are useful for performing operations such as formatting the HTTP request in a standardized way, converting certain data to other data types, and allowing/disallowing access based on information in the request. 
- **CORS** - Cross Origin Resource Sharing. CORS is a setting on a web application that determines whether or not requests should be accepted from other applications. If the request's origin is another application, CORS policy dictates that, by default, a resource should not be shared with it. Within express, we'll use the `cors` library as a middleware function to enable cross origin resource sharing.  